Exposing Entitlement Management access package assignment approvals in v1.0 (#15132)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/entitlementmanagement-overview.md

|[Add externalSponsors](../api/connectedorganization-post-externalsponsors.md) | None | Add a user or group to a **connectedOrganization's** external sponsors. |
|[Remove internalSponsors](../api/connectedorganization-delete-internalsponsors.md) | None | Remove a user or group from a **connectedOrganization's** internal sponsors. |
|[Remove externalSponsors](../api/connectedorganization-delete-externalsponsors.md) | None | Remove a user or group from a **connectedOrganization's** external sponsors. |

> |[filterByCurrentUser](../api/entitlementmanagement-accesspackageassignmentapproval-filterByCurrentUser.md)| [approval](approval.md) collection| Retrieve the **approval** objects for an approver.|
> |[Get approval](../api/entitlementmanagement-accesspackageassignmentapproval-get.md) | [approval](approval.md) | Retrieve the properties of an **approval** object. |
> |[List approvalStages](../api/entitlementmanagement-accesspackageassignmentapproval-stage-list.md) | [approvalStage](approvalstage.md) collection | List the **approvalStage** objects associated with an **approval** object. |
> |[Get approvalStage](../api/entitlementmanagement-accesspackageassignmentapproval-stage-get.md) | [approvalStage](approvalstage.md) | Retrieve the properties of an **approvalStage** object. |
> |[Update approvalStage](../api/entitlementmanagement-accesspackageassignmentapproval-stage-update.md) | None | Apply approve or deny decision on an **approvalStage** object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Get approval](../api/approval-get.md) | [approval](approval.md) | Retrieve the properties of an **approval** object. |
|[filterByCurrentUser](../api/approval-filterbycurrentuser.md)| [approval](approval.md) collection| Retrieve the **approval** objects for an approver.|
|[List approvalStages](../api/approval-list-stages.md) | [approvalStage](approvalstage.md) collection | List the **approvalStage** objects associated with an **approval** object. |
|[Get approvalStage](../api/approvalstage-get.md) | [approvalStage](approvalstage.md) | Retrieve the properties of an **approvalStage** object. |
|[Update approvalStage](../api/approvalstage-update.md) | None | Apply approve or deny decision on an **approvalStage** object. |
```
